coming up on the fire it appears to be
an office building a law office the
entire building is engulfed the roof
continually flames they're having a lot
of trouble putting out the upper part of
the house fires keep appearing on the
upper walls and on the roof there's a
lot of equipment here 45 50 men least
five apartments that we can see we're
gonna talk to Frank the Storrow Frank is
the director of emergency disaster
services with the American Red Cross the
starter was on his way over to death the
Eaton's house with a load of food into
my coffee being misleading owned the
apartment building next door and she has
a number of the families that are
displaced by smoke and water damage at
her home now while the Red Cross is
raging for them never place to stay for
the night Betsy is the executive
director of the Galena Visitors Bureau
Joe Davies billions Phyllis Visitors
Bureau and they own the apartment
complex next door to this fire and
they've got about five families in their
home right now
you know what happened this is a an
office building right here I don't know
deposit the fire but when I got called
the fire started in here they evacuated
the apartments next door which is the
place about five families right at this
time my family so many people you think
but twelve by twelve yeah we got adults
and infants and children kameena Fire
Chief Mike Simmons instead of a command
chief in one who scaled mountains fire
vehicles his mission commands these
season would be skills loss fire chief
the alarmed is one of the departments
that you're helping
seconds how many people you got here 40
50 tough one to get out five departments
probably most the night there's at least
a half a dozen ambulances here and a
very they've opened their doors with
firemen come in and sit
the hauling Avenger
what do you think it's a tough one to
get out
my first big fire
the firemen are working in shifts
to stay warm it's a bitterly cold night